The user is asking me to implement two major features:

A robust multi-source gigs fetcher with UI for India events (excluding Bollywood/pop)
A secure signup/signin system with role handling and artist verification
Looking at the feedback from the expert analyst, I can see that:

The database is not provisioned - I need to create it first
The logs show "relation 'sources' does not exist" and "relation 'feeds' does not exist"
Before I start implementing these features, I absolutely MUST create the database first. The feedback is very clear about this being a critical missing step.

Let me:

Create the database
Then create a task list for implementing the full requirements
Execute the implementation systematically
First, I should create the database, then look at the existing schema/migrations to understand the database structure.

I can see from the logs that the database is not provisioned yet - this is causing the "relation does not exist" errors. Let me create the database first, then implement the comprehensive gigs fetcher and auth system you've outlined.


Show 2 more

Planned database schema additions
Perfect! The database is now created. Let me run the setup script to apply migrations and then create a comprehensive task list for implementing both features.


Executed pnpm setup

Decided on migration execution method
Let me try running the migrations directly:


Executed cd packages/db && pnpm migrate

Planned task list creation
Excellent! The database is now set up. Now let me create a comprehensive task list for implementing the gigs fetcher and auth system as specified:


Show 2 more

Planned task list creation
Now let me create a comprehensive task list for implementing the complete gigs fetcher and auth system:


Planned initial project setup
Perfect! I've created a comprehensive 18-task implementation plan. Let me start executing systematically. First, I'll install the required dependencies:


Show 7 more

Planned database schema extension
Excellent! Dependencies are installed. Now let me update the task list and move on to extending the database schema:


Show 3 more

Decided on schema additions
Perfect! I can see the schema already has most of the tables we need, including verificationJobs. I just need to add a few more tables. Let me add them:


Edited packages/db/schema.ts

Ran database migration command
Now let me push the schema changes to the database:


Show 3 more

Planned core feeds directory structure (5 seconds)
Perfect! Database schema is updated. Now let me create the core gigs fetcher infrastructure. Due to the large scope, I'll create the essential components systematically. Let me start with creating the packages/feeds directory structure:


Show 2 more

Decided on safeFetch helper creation
Now let me create the safeFetch helper and the first source adapter:


Show 2 more

Planned source adapter creation sequence (4 seconds)
Now let me create source adapters. I'll start with a Rolling Stone India adapter and a generic RSS adapter:


Show 2 more

Decided on feed structure integration
I see there's already some existing code. Let me check the overall structure of the feeds package:


Show 2 more

Considered existing infrastructure and adapters
Great! I can see there's already substantial infrastructure in place. Let me check what's in the aggregator and understand the current state:


Show 3 more

Decided on aggregator and auth (6 seconds)
Excellent! The gigs fetcher infrastructure is largely in place. Let me create the aggregator and API routes, then focus on the auth system which is the bigger missing piece. Let me create the aggregator:


Created packages/feeds/aggregator.ts

Decided on the aggregator approach (4 seconds)
Let me check and fix the LSP errors in the aggregator:

Checked code issues

Decided on aggregator return types
I see the type issue. Let me fix the aggregator to handle both return types from the source adapters:


Show 2 more

Decided on auth system strategy (4 seconds)
Good! Now let me create the API routes for the gigs system. I'll create them in the Next.js app:


Executed mkdir -p apps/web/app/api/gigs/india apps/web/app/api/admin/gigs-settings apps/web/app/api/gigs/image

Planned auth system implementation steps (6 seconds)
Let me check what already exists and then strategically delegate work to complete this large project:

Opened apps/web/app/api directory

Examined existing authentication routes
Great! Many API routes already exist. Let me check what auth routes are already implemented:


Show 3 more

"Analyzed existing auth routes" (7 seconds)
Excellent! The gigs API is already fully implemented. Let me check the existing auth implementation to see what needs to be enhanced:


Show 3 more

Planned authentication enhancements (8 seconds)
Excellent progress! The auth system has substantial implementation. Let me check the auth library and the reset password implementation:


Show 3 more

Planned remaining implementation steps (11 seconds)
Excellent! The system is substantially implemented. Let me update my task status and focus on the missing critical pieces. First, let me update the task list to reflect the current state, then complete the enhancements needed:


Install necessary software tools and libraries

Add new tables to data storage

Build system to get event data

Combine event data with filtering

Create system for checking events periodically

Build ways to access event data

Make sign-ins and sessions secure

Ensure only artists access routes

Submit events, AI verification for artists

Harden security, check all inputs

Decided on task prioritization strategy (7 seconds)
Good progress! Now let me enhance the signup route to add the artist checkbox logic and role assignment:


Show 5 more

Planned critical auth enhancements (7 seconds)
Perfect! I've enhanced the signup with artist checkbox logic. Now let me add rate limiting to signin and implement the reset-password endpoint. Given the large scope, I'll use efficient parallel implementation:


Show 2 more

Updated forgot-password route logic (5 seconds)
Excellent! I've added rate limiting to signin and implemented reset-password. Now let me update the forgot-password route to use the database instead of in-memory storage:


Show 2 more

Decided on verification worker creation (6 seconds)
Perfect! Auth system is now comprehensively enhanced. Now let me create the artist verification worker, diagnostic script, and update .env.example:


Show 3 more

Decided on .env.example updates
Now let me update the .env.example file with all required environment variables:


Show 3 more

Added necessary environment variables (5 seconds)
I can see the file already has most variables. Let me add the missing auth-related ones:


Edited .env.example

Called architect for review (5 seconds)
Excellent progress! Now let me call the architect to review all my changes before marking tasks complete. I'll include the git diff and key files I've modified:


Reviewed auth and gigs system

Decided on verification status handling
Excellent review! The architect found a critical bug in the verification worker. Let me fix it immediately:


Edited scripts/artist-verification-worker.ts

Improve sign-up with artist option

Limit sign-in, reset password feature

Create script to check data
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.

2 minutes ago
Add robust gig fetching and artist signup with verification

Rollback here

Changes

Preview
Show less
Time worked
15 minutes
Work done
57 actions
Items read
1654 lines
Code changed
+1263
-288
Agent Usage
$3.14

Scroll to latest
Vibing.

Stop
Upgrade to continue building